I think as a dangerous breed and should
we ban them or are people responsible
for creating vicious animals as you can
see why Namara is a marked first nothing
ends there the energy team ok 9 19 and a
dog train itself you thought Nia
shouldn't look that vicious to me but
they have a terrible reputation it day
unfortunately only takes sort of lesson
warped sense of this type of dog to get
into the wrong hands and you get a
vicious cycle and the dog develops a a
demonic image it then becomes attractive
to the exact sort of person that really
shouldn't have any daughter of any sort
and it Olympic a chew eight so desert
there's an awful lot of myth around this
type of dog pit bull terrier and that
myth leads to the wrong type of people
being attracted to this type of dog what
we have to do is understand that every
single dog is got potential to cause
damage the Lords of the dog the larger
the potential for damage but there is no
such thing as a dangerous doctor say
there is a dangerous dog you have to by
definition so there is a safe don't just
isn't but you wouldn't leave a child a
baby with a job right now I want to
believe the child or baby any dog hey
okay yeah we get in France there was a
baby killer Pomeranian which is a dog
that size ultimately I wouldn't do it as
much of the dogs sakers as anything so
we don't know how it's how it's going to
react but ultimately you've got a
problem in there where we have a law
that allows anybody to get any doc we're
going to get these kind of trends and
what we have to accept is that the 1991
dangerous dogs that clearly has failed
otherwise we wouldn't have in this
conversation we'd be talking about a
lowering of the dog attack figures and
less people being inclined to dr. price
so do we need to change the Lord we need
to pray the Lord what radically
different is also need a radically
different law and the law and we've got
up a moment is very very much post event
and it legislators as the pitbull that's
the evil dog westbound that Douglas it's
going in the wrong direction what we
need i believe is a pre-emptive law that
says before you are allowed to get a dog
you have to prove yourself capable so
compulsory dog training
for all prospective donors Sofia your
doctor she might be I did you go with a
job like that that's a good question and
I used to be a gun dog trainer and so I
thought of Labradors and spaniels my
first always a large a hairy setting
well no no no I resetting that's a
challenge but my first dog being a
Labrador and when he passed away I just
thought I can't get another Labrador
because I horribly judge it against my
first goal so I almost went back to the
basics rent the box and thought back on
the dots that I've worked with in the
past and the rock band has kept coming
up there's such a placid nate dogg their
cloud they're very friendly and of
course they've got this horrible
reputation and i just saw that's not the
Rottweiler that I know and I've met many
dogs to have this reputation and I just
think it's completely down to the owner
to develop the dog regardless what about